Introduce basic block dev docs, description when creating entity type (#999)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: apps/site/src/_pages/docs/3_using-blocks.mdx

### Other environments

Support for additional embedding environments will arrive throughout 2023. If there are others you'd like to see us exploring, please [reach out](https://blockprotocol.org/contact) to us.

### Your own application

> If you're interested in supporting the Block Protocol within your application now, allowing your users to insert and use blocks from the [Þ Hub](https://blockprotocol.org/hub), please [contact us](https://blockprotocol.org/contact) with more information about your intended use, and we'll be in touch.

Reviewer: I think _in addition_ we should say something to the effect of "In due course, we'll be releasing public documentation covering this process, but while the protocol remains under heavy active development, please reach out directly."

I worry that in its current form it makes the protocol look like it's not really open, in spite of the fact it obviously is.

Author: Done in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/a99d4f2457ac5c73af8b6b4d164455591eaf0b0a

> You can also [register for updates](https://blockprotocol.org/signup) to find out as and when we release new docs and tools for embedding applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [register for updates](https://blockprotocol.org/signup) to get notified when we release new docs and tools for embedders.
```

Simplify language, and remove reference to 'embedding applications' as in theory it could be frameworks (like `tldraw`) which are used in other apps, as well as apps themselves.

Author: https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/a99d4f2457ac5c73af8b6b4d164455591eaf0b0a
